Now a lot of work was put into making working with the prototype much easier.
One of the things that was added was a keyword called Super and in its simplest form basically it makes
working with your prototype objects a lot easier and accessing their functionality just overall much
facilitated.
So with that being said we're going to make an example and we'll do a couple of objects here so I'll
do.
Person equals an object literal.
And we'll do agree.
And then inside of here we'll return Hello.
Notice here I'm also using this concise method syntax and I'm not doing a colon with the function keyword.
Just something to keep in mind.
Make sure you do it this way.
With that being said I'm going to copy this.
I do like three of them because I don't want to really write it all out again so I'll just change this
to animal and change this to.
Oh and then all I am going to do is change this to friend like so and then down below.
I'm going to set it some of the set the prototype of friend equal to a person so do a prototype of then
I'll pass an friend in the prototype I want to set it to or connected to it.
Now with that being said there is a bit of a problem let's say inside of here I want to call the method
of my prototype but I've already defined a method of the same name within my friend.
So in this case if I specify something like let's say hi and then below that and to cancel that log
friend dog gry and then invoke the function you're going to see it says hi and of course by Calment
it out.
You'll see it says hello or at least it should if it remembers.
But either way the reason it's doing this is because we already have this method right here.
And so javascript doesn't need to go looking up the prototype chain if you will.
So how can we override this.
Well originally what you might have to do is something like this.
You might have to do something like say object doget prototype and then this and then Daag grete and
then dot call and then this right here.
Now obviously this is pretty wacky but it does work and it actually prints out hello instead of what
I originally defined in my function.
Now I can append something to this like for example I could add a plus space there and you can see it
says hello there now.
So it's clearly working.
Essentially what's happening is I'm calling object prototype of this to make sure that I'm getting the
correct prototype and then I invoke gry but I use it with a call and then I pass in this and that's
just to make sure that the keyword this inside of the prototype method is set correctly.
Now this is not exactly great.
It has its limitations.
And honestly it's just a lot of work it's pretty it's pretty intense here.
So instead what we could do is we could just use the super keyword.
That's right.
That's all you have to do.
So I'm going to comment out this and I'm going to do old slash hard way.
And then after that I'm going to do something else when I return.
And I'm just going to do super and then greet like that just like that and then I'll add there and does
the same exact thing as you can see it does the same exact thing as it did before right here.
So this super is allowing me to very easily interface with my prototype without having to do all of
this.